(Episode 20)
What's all this?
- Aren't these Ms. Choi's things? - She won't work here.
She said she'll send someone to get her things.
She has 2 arms and 2 legs. Can't she take them herself?
Why is she sending someone else?
- That's odd. - What is?
Could it be...
No, no.
Could it be what?
Do you think Ms. Choi...
has leukemia?
Leukemia?
What nonsense is that?
Then why else would Dr. Kwak be looking it up...
whenever he can?
Starting exactly the day Ms. Choi left to go to hospital.
All this is so strange too.
She forced her way into our dorm,
and now, she's moving out.
I guess you have a point.
Hello?
She refused the test?
I sent her home thinking she was just too anxious.
You gave me your diagnosis.
That was based on the records she'd brought.
I need to test her to set up a treatment plan.
Unless it's a transplant, chemotherapy is her best bet.
Let me call her.
The number you have dialed is not available at this moment.
Hello? Young Eun?
It's Woo Jae.
Dr. Song.
Don't tell my sister for now.
- What is it? - It's nothing.
Where are you going? It's a weekend.
To work at the ER.
Take care.
- Hello. - Where are you?
- At my dorm. - Shall we have lunch?
I have an ER shift.
Take your time. I sent a car for you.
Please.
Must I take a boat too?
It's not far away. Just a 10-minute ride.
We get off here.
Hello. She just got off.
Does your dad really have cancer?
- I think so. - How do you know?
Here's the written diagnosis he got in China.
It's a mix of Chinese and English, so I don't know for sure,
but isn't cancer...
what I think it is?
Is it bad?
Where is he right now?
How bad is it?
You're late.
What are you doing here?
Did you forget I'm his son?
It's a family gathering.
You're our guest.
Feeling the pressure?
The next step might make you feel worse.
Come along.
Dad.
- Hello. - Hello, sir.
Dr. Song, come closer to me.
- Jae Geol, excuse us. - Okay.
What did I say? I said you'd feel worse.
Good luck.
Have you...
ever been fishing before?
It's my first time.
You should try it.
It's a perfect hobby for surgeons like us.
It's good to zone out...
and think about nothing every now and then.
You can't do that yet, can you?
Did you know that this used to be a deserted island?
No, I didn't know.
A fisherman found it when he was...
washed up here in a storm.
To him, the storm was a crisis,
but he cared for the island...
and made it what it is now.
It turned out to be a great opportunity.
I think...
you are like this island to my family.
My wife met a storm...
and you provided the perfect shelter.
- No, sir, I only... - Now, it's our turn.
Like the fisherman tended to this island,
it's our turn to look after you and support you.
Okay.
Let's go. Lunch is ready.
We could have eaten out,
but I wanted to serve you home-cooked food.
I asked the owners to lend me the kitchen.
We're good friends with the family.
I see.
Please, eat.
I hope you like my cooking.
You know how good a cook you are.
I'm an intellectual,
and an intellectual must be humble.
Ignore her, and eat.
You'll starve trying to keep up with her chatting.
How could you?
- Is it just ringing? - Yes.
Try again.
(Heo Jeong Rim)
- Hello? - Did you call?
Yes. To ask if you know where Young Eun is.
She's with me.
Can you put her on?
She just went out.
She must be feeling okay then.
Yes. She doesn't look too bad.
What's going on?
Did you two get back together?
Call me when she comes back.
If she won't, you can.
Thanks. Bye.
Is it still ringing?
He used to pick up.
What if he's passed out somewhere?
What if that's why he won't answer?
What then?
Don't get too scared.
You said you got him the phone, right?
- Yes. - In whose name?
Mine, just in case.
Track it down.
If it's in your name, you can trace it.
You're right, I can.
(Locate my device)
- This is... - Do you know where that is?
Yes.
Do you have a car?
- Try this as well. - Thank you.
Come on, eat up.
You're too thin.
I am trying.
- Sorry, it's the hospital. - Take it.
Dr. Kang?
Okay.
What is it?
They need me.
I got Dr. Kang to replace you.
He can't work. He has acute gastroenteritis.
(Symptoms are vomiting and diarrhea.)
- Okay, you should go. - Oh dear.
You didn't even finish your meal.
Take her there.
- Yes, keep her safe. - Okay.
Goodbye.
[VIU Ver] Episode 20 Hospital Ship "Shall We Get Married?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Get in.
Wear your seatbelt.
Or I'll help if you want some romance.
Dad.
- Sir. Sir. - Dad.
Dad, wake up. What's wrong with you?
Is he okay? Is he?
Wake up, Dad.
Did you enjoy fishing?
I don't know.
He doesn't fish with just anyone.
He chooses his partners with great care.
What are the criteria?
Family or comrades.
I'm neither.
I think you're both.
It looks like my dad wants you...
to be his family and comrade.
Shall we get married?
We need someone to inherit the hospital.
I'm not in the right field.
I think he wants to leave it to you.
As his daughter-in-law.
Are you interested?
Sure.
Is it that easy?
Why should it be hard? I get a hospital.
You don't like me.
No, I do like you.
You really don't like me.
If you got that, focus on driving.
What about Hyun? Do you like him?
No, that's...
This is interesting.
I feel quite invigorated.
I like it when it's complicated.
Especially when the woman's tough.
Dad... Dad...
- Dad. - Woo Jae.
- Sis! - He needs to get inside.
His temperature's 38.5℃, and his vitals are unstable.
Did he just call you "sis"?
Is he your brother?
Who's the patient?
- 1, 2, 3. - 1, 2, 3.
Hook him up.
Sir. Sir, wake up. Where are you?
Sir. Sir? Let me see.
He's badly jaundiced.
Check his temperature. 38.5℃?
Get the ultrasound, and call for a CT.
- Okay. - Let's see why he's jaundiced.
- Doctor, look at this. - What is it?
His written diagnosis from China.
According to this, he has biliary tract cancer.
What?
Then the jaundice and septicemia is all because...
the tumor blocked his biliary tract?
Did you know about this?
Eun Jae, what should we do?
What will happen to him now?
Wait here, Woo Jae.
- Dad. - This is serious.
Doctor.
Dr. Song.
It's cardiac arrest. Get the defibrillator.
- Dad. - Get him out!
- Dad, no! - Now!
Dad! Let go of me.
Dad.
Calm down.
Charge to 200 joules!
Clear. Get back!
Shock.
Charge to 300 joules.
Clear. Get back. Shock.
Get the ultrasound.
- Dr. Song. - A fever and jaundice...
are signs of acute biliary tract cancer.
We must check and do a PTBD.
- Will you do it yourself? - Yes.
You don't have to.
We can get a radiologist to do it.
If we don't do it now,
all his organs will fail.
- Nurse. - Okay.
What's going on?
They'll insert thoracic drain in the bile duct.
It's her father. Will she do it herself?
The infection is caused by a tumor that clogged biliary tract.
We'll insert a thoracic drain here...
to remove excessive bile.
This will treat septicemia.
He's your father. Can you really do it?
Let's start.
What happened?
Go inside.
Doctor Song. I got a call from the operation room.
There's an emergency operation.
- I'll go upstairs now. - Okay.
What?
Can't she take a break from operations today?
Can they call someone else?
Of course, it's possible.
Then why?
She doesn't want that.
She said it herself.
I'm leaving.
Dad, Dad.
Yes.
Are you awake?
Gosh.
I thought you were going to die.
Where am I?
We're at a hospital where Eun Jae works.
(Operating Room)
Good job.
Your father is awake.
His fever is gone, and the vitals are normal.
He's in the new building.
He's in the VIP room.
Compared to big hospitals in Seoul,
it's not really VIP.
That wasn't necessary.
Of course, it was.
Think of all the lives you've saved.
Among them is the wife of the hospital director.
You deserve such a privilege.
Just enjoy it.
Hyun.
- Hey. - What are you doing here?
- I was looking everywhere for you. - Did you eat dinner?
I enjoyed it. Thank you.
Dad wants to see you for a minute.
He wants to see me?
- Hello. - Hello, sir.
Woo Jae told me.
You're the one...
who saved my life.
No, I didn't do much.
Doctor.
How could I...
repay you for what you've done?
Don't say that.
You can speak casually with me, sir.
Goodness.
Shall I?
Yes.
I wanted to see you because...
I'd like to...
ask you a favor...
without letting Eun Jae know.
Since you saved my life,
could you...
help me out a bit more?
What do you mean?
Your father is much better now.
Thank you.
I subscribed to a cancer insurance plan a month ago.
If I'm diagnosed with cancer...
90 days after the subscription, I get paid 15,000 dollars.
I have 10 plans.
Until then, there can't be any...
records of diagnosis.
I don't understand what you mean.
The fact that...
I was diagnosed with cancer today...
must be deleted.
Are you...
asking me to...
He's asking you to alter his chart.
Stay outside.
Come out.
Don't listen to his nonsense.
Come out now.